# Team 10 Weekly Checkin
### Date: Monday, April 26
### Meeting Start Time: 1:05pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Sanat, Asya, Praneet, Ryan, Akhil, Brian
### Absent: Akar, Ivan, Huy, Nathan
## Discussion Points
- talked about our brainstorming sessions
  - brainstorming went well, and we were able to get all our ideas out on the [Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lI_Oubw=/)
  - went over the artifacts we have so far ([Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lI_Oubw=/) and the [sketch](/specs/brainstorm/BuJo_sketch.pdf))
- feedback from Sanat
  - the feature set looks solid overall
  - prioritization of features was good
  - we need to have accessibility features
  - of course we have to allow the user to be able to type inputs into the journal, but we can think about other forms of input as well
    - audio (speech to text), video, handwriting
    - even though it seems difficult, it's actually very doable using existing APIs
  - in general don't be afraid to take on features that seem difficult
- what we should be thinking about this week
  - now that we have features and priorities for them, we have to start thinking about user stories
    - go through the features and express them as user stories
  - extended brainstorming
    - we need to think about accessibility features more 
    - also we can rethink our prioritization of some of the features given that they may not be as difficult as we imagine them to be
  - starting pitch
    - condense all the brainstorming we have done into a pitch for our project
    - we can discuss our features and potential difficulties associated with them
    - we can also use whatever drawings/wireframes we have 
    - we should meet again this week as a team to create the pitch, and then send it to Sanat for approval
    - the book ["Shape Up"](https://basecamp.com/shapeup) contains a sort of template we can use for the pitch
  - start assigning roles within the team
    - team leaders (we already have)
    - developers
    - someone who looks after/keeps track of the repo
    - any other roles/responsibilities we think we will need to complete the project
  - start thinking about a timeline/roadmap for the project going forward
## Meeting End Time: 1:45pm PST
