# Team 10 Weekly Checkin
### Date: Monday, May 3
### Meeting Start Time: 1:00pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Sanat, Asya, Akhil, Brian, Ivan, Praneet, Ryan
### Absent: Akar, Huy, Nathan
## Discussion Points
- talked about our starting pitch
  - pitch meetings went well, and we were able to create a finished [slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZlLTZaEbX5P9emB8swU_ZOQjWAnjrSddbrWLm0Wtk9w/edit#slide=id.p) for the pitch
  - went over the artifacts we have so far (pitch, user personas, user stories, wireframes)
- feedback from Sanat
  - specialized vs generic bullet journal
    - Sanat had suggested the specialization route since that is an easy way to differentiate our journal from others
      - but it also runs the risk of missing even the basic minimum requirements if we don't do it properly
    - but now that we have voted on the generic route, Sanat says we should stick to our decision and that it is totally okay
    - a few things to keep in mind about the generic route though
      - we have to be able to differentiate ourselves from other bullet journals
      - shouldn't feel overly generic in the name of being minimalist
      - since we are doing the generic journal, we should try to differentiate ourselves in the way we implement the journal, not in the features that we have (since all generic journals will have similar features)
        - this means focusing on the UI/UX (what the user sees from our journal and how the user interacts with it)
  - wireframes do look good overall
      - different from the wireframes that the rest of his groups have
      - it's all about how we implement the features of the wireframes that will allow us to stand out
  - core features
    - overall the core features are solid (we have identified the important set of features)
    - one addition might be user authentication
      - if we do include user authentication, we might want to think about privacy/security
        - might need to include encryption if we are collecting user data and storing it in some central location
    - if we are choosing to do more of a local thing (storing data locally), we might not need the user authentication stuff
  - don't worry too much about the timeline; we are on track!
- what we should be thinking about this week
  - we should start coding this week
    - our pitch and other artifacts look good
    - assign roles/responsibilities to people
    - form subteams within the overall team
      - each subteam will be responsible for some part of the project
    - frontend team can start working on creating the HTML for the journal's frontend
    - backend team can start working on the main JS functionality of the journal, like logging and calendar functionality
    - establish a crude CI/CD pipeline using Github Actions
      - have some branch protection and requirements for committing code
  - communication
    - people can meet within each subteam as they see fit
    - each subteam should have their own channel
    - there should be a channel where all subteams can communicate, and updates should be sent here twice a week
    - team leads should take charge on making sure communication is happening
      - team leads should also consolidate subteam updates into an update for Sanat each week
## Meeting End Time: 2:00pm PST