# Team 10 Skeleton and workflow meeting
### Date: Saturday, May 8
### Meeting Start Time: 12:10pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Asya, Nathan, Ryan, Akar, Akhil, Brian, Ivan, (Praneet Joined 12:30ish)
### Absent: Huy
## Discussion Points
- Assigning each team to a page for skeleton html
    - Difficulty comparisons?
        - All logs should be equally difficult, if you leave placeholders
        - Just general divs and sections for the skeleton
    - Refer to Figma (WireFrame)
        - Lefthand side has a tree for components/groups, 
            - Refer to it as guidance for heirarchy of HTML
        - All logs have a 'template' area and an 'internal content' area
            - Log-team will only work on 'internal content'
            - Template+Sidebar-team will work on the 'template' area
                - Ensure consistency accross all screens
    - All teams will implement the html their own way
        - HTML/front-end team will refine it later
        - Use sections in a linear format for now 
        - Keep things simple !
        - Comment the code you write !
    - Assignments:
        - daily log:    Asya and Ivan
        - monthly log:  Nathan and Ryan
        - yearly log:   Akhilan and Praneet
        - template for all logs (external) + Sidebar/menu: Akar, Huy, Brian
    - Shared CSS file
        - Individual CSS files for particular logs if needed
    - Styling
        - html is pretty rigid, hard to style it "your own way"
        - whole industry seems to do a standard styling
            - only google specified html styling (css+html)

- Subteam communication twice a week
    - Tuesday and Friday
        - Representative send a message to `subteam-comms` channel
        - Update other teams since last communication with info on:
            - Accomplishments 
            - Plans for following section
            - Issues / disagreements
- Assigned skeletons due Tuesday!

- Explaining the workflow 
    - Refer to miro for the flowchart on "Life cycle of an issue"
    - General process:
        - Create an issue using the template I made
            - Adds this issue as a  `To Do` item
        - Commit all changes you make on a **NEW BRANCH** and make a pull request
            - Link the pull request to the related issue you're addressing
            - This will move the PR-issue to `In Progress`
        - Once you're confident in your branch / PR, ask people to code review
            - Comments don't do anything
            - Change Requests move the PR-issue to `Under Review`
            - Approvals move the PR-issue to `Reviewer Approved`
        - After enough people approve your PR, it will be automatically merged to the main branch
            - Moves the PR-issue to `Done`
    - GH doesn't allow you to approve your own Pull Requests
    - We don't have branch protection so flow relies on YOU:
        - Don't directly commit code to main branch
        - Don't merge your own Pull Request
            - If you do, that'll skip the automation I worked on and make me sad :(

- User Stories values
    - No time for a format meeting on assigning User stories an estimate point value
    - Form created for everyone to input their opinions on point values
        - Average will be taken for final point value
        - Will address the group if huge variance in inputted values

## Action Items
- Fill out the [User Stories Planning Poker form](https://forms.gle/eHRCVtvLzMwVY1JE9) ASAP
- Talk to your group
    - Meeting time
    - Assigned portion of HTML Skeleton
    - Prefered roles?
    - Who will communicate with rest of group
- Subteam communication
- Assigned skeletons due Tuesday!

## Meeting End Time: 1:05pm PST