# Team 10 Weekly Meeting
### Date: Wednesday, May 12
### Meeting Start Time: 2:00pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Asya, Akar, Akhil, Brian, Huy, Ivan, Nathan, Praneet, Ryan
### Absent: None!
## Discussion Points
- CI/CD pipeline assignment
  - change the wiki into a markdown file on the repo
  - make the repo private again
  - all the new requirements are on the updated canvas assignment
- planning poker
  - the planning poker results can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aJROzYgvG5e2l7qKvZZUIx9gEck-faZH-YhyF7sjccE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - we went through each of the user stories and, based on the planning poker results, labeled them as necessary or unecessary for the minimum viable product to be completed this week
  - minimum viable product should include core ability to add notes/goals to the daily, monthly, and yearly logs, and migrate notes across the various logs
- local storage vs. database
  - centralized database would allow users to create logins and access journals from multiple devices
  - local storage data retrieval might be faster though?
  - we decided to go with local storage for now while creating the MVP
- how user would log things
  - create an onclick listener for the notes region of each log, and when the region is clicked we add the new note to the list there
  - newly created notes will be assigned a default bullet
  - custom bullets can be assigned by clicking on the bullet, which will cycle through the various bullet points
## Action Items
- convert wiki contents to artifacts/markdown file in the repo
- each team should start working on their assigned tasks on the project board
  - goal is to have the MVP done by Sunday
## Meeting End Time: 3:35pm PST
