# Team 10 Sprint 1 Review Meeting
### Date: Sunday, May 16
### Meeting Start Time: 8:00pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Asya, Akar, Akhil, Huy, Ivan, Nathan, Praneet
### Absent: Brian, Ryan
## Main Points
- Team 1 (Nathan and Ryan)
  - worked on the css
  - added border around the overall journal page
  - added icons for the buttons (new note button, add widget button, etc)
  - worked on scrolling functionality
    - trying to scroll the inner part of the journal page
    - currently it scrolls the whole screen so it needs fixing
  - applied general styles (i.e. border and general button icons) to the monthly and yearly logs as well
  - zoom in/out buttons and arrow buttons at the top right need to be fixed
  - also, plus button on the interor part of the journal pages needs to be moved to the right
- Team 2 (Asya and Ivan)
  - added the html skeleton for the daily log at the beginning
  - worked on the 
  - started on the styling as well to help out the css team
- Team 3 (Praneet and Akhil)
  - started by creating the basic html skeleton for the yearly log
  - looked into how to utilize local storage
  - the team as a whole decided to pivot to indexedDB mid sprint, so we looked into indexedDB functionality
  - met with team 4 to figure out how objects are going to be structured for storage and when they will be stored
    - created sample json files (`days.json`, `months.json`, `labels.json`, etc on the `basic-funct` branch) in the repo showing the object structure
  - created some basic functions for getting/setting daily/monthly/yearly log objects in storage
- Team 4 (Akar, Huy, and Brian)
  - planned out the global variables and structure of the logs that they are working with
  - worked on basic functionality of adding notes to a log and switching between logs
  - met with team 3 to figure out the object structure for storage (as mentioned above)
  - planned out design for what objects we are going to need for the functionality
    - there is a design document called `DesNotes.md` on the `basic-funct` branch that details the overall design we have created so far
  - added some JQuery to the functionality code
## Meeting End Time: 9:00pm PST
