# Team 10 Weekly Checkin
### Date: Monday, May 17
### Meeting Start Time: 1:00pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Sanat, Asya, Brian, Ivan, Praneet, Ryan
### Absent: Akar, Akhil, Huy, Nathan
## Discussion Points
- our updates for the past week
  - finished the html skeletons for the different logs
  - frontend teams worked on css and creating the single-page application for our journal
  - backend teams worked on basic functionality for the mvp and creating functions for interacting with the database (IndexedDB)
  - discussed our review/retrospective meetings
    - we were overall happy with the progress that was made during the last sprint (especially working frontend)
    - major themes from retrospective
      - people felt like there may have been uneven distribution of tasks among subteams, but it was hard to figure out how to help other subteams because it takes quite a bit of time for one team to explain their progress to another team and what they need help on
      - people feel pressured by the time constraints because the project and the features themselves seem like they will take a while to implement, but there are also other time-consuming assignments to work on from this class (like labs) in addition to assignments from other classes
- feedback from Sanat
  - we have made good progress
  - single-page application is not required, so if we can't get it to work with additional features that is okay
  - assign tester roles by the middle of this week
    - testers will work on testing exclusively
    - testers can also work on incorporating jest (unit testing) and cypress (end to end testing) into the ci/cd pipeline
  - incorporate documentation generation and testing into our ci/cd pipeline
    - testers should get started testing the project this week
    - this week's lab is going to be about testing, so the testers should get started on the lab first (although everyone should look into the lab as well in case the testers need help)
  - regarding things brought up at retrospective
    - the issue of uneven distribution seems to arise from not enough granularity in how we break down our user stories, so we should focus on that more going forward
    - just given the time constraints, it likely won't be the case that each team member will have enough time to understand all parts of the journal development (probably won't be able to be hands on everywhere on the project)
    - there is no fixed requirement for what additional features we need for our journal
      - in the next team meeting, we should re-evaluate our features to decide what is truly a priority and what we probably don't have time for
      - our final product doesn't have to have a ton of additional features, just the main core features
    - core features that our journal should have
      - bullets (standard bullets as well as nested bullets)
      - different types of logging/notes (different bullets for different kinds of notes)
      - index/navigation (navigating between different journal entries)
      - collections/grouping notes (labeling notes to symbolize them being in the same collection)
      - daily logs
      - future logs (monthly and yearly logs)
    - examples of other features that we could include if we have time but won't be 
      - security and user authentication
      - user design/customization
      - export and migration
- what to work on this week
  - mvp with all the core features should be done by the end of the week/early next week 
    - we should also try to integrate the backend and frontend in this stage
  - decide which additional features (if any) are a priority and which can be dropped
  - assign tester roles
    - testers should focus on testing the product and integrating testing features into the pipeline
    - roles should be assigned and testing should start happening by the middle of this week (corresponds with the release of this week's lab about testing)
## Meeting End Time: 1:55pm PST
