# Team 10 Coordination Meeting
### Date: Firday, May 28
### Meeting Start Time: 6:15pm PST
### Location: Zoom
### Present: Akar, Akhil, Nathan, Praneet, Ryan
### Absent: Asya, Brian, Huy, Ivan
## Discussion Points
- updates
  - Ryan and Nathan working on testing
    - had some issues with importing functions into the testing files
    - will resolve it by exporting the functions that are being tested from the files they are defined in
  - Akhil and Praneet finished updating log elements
    - daily log has ability to add sections
    - all logs have been updated with a new callback function to generate IDs for bullets
  - Akar's team working on navigation
    - unit navigation for daily log is working
      - have to test it for monthly and yearly log
    - working on entry navigation for daily log
- labels
  - labeling individual bullets will be handled by the bullet element (team 4)
    - label button will be like the remove button (show up on hover)
    - clicking the label button will produce a dropdown with the list of labels
      - for the list of labels we can use ones suggested by Sanat: Academics, Work, Household, Fitness, Finance
      - custom label creation can be something we work on if we have time
  - team 2 can work on the css for label button
    - team 1 can help as well, but they will be focusing on testing
## Meeting End Time: 7:00pm PST
